feat:add semantic html lab (#496)
freeCodeCamp/CurriculumExpansion: frontend-cert/html-projects/event-page/user-stories.md

1. You should have a `header` element.
1. Inside the `header` element, you should have a `h1` element that contains the text `Event Hub`, and a `nav` element.
1. Inside the `nav` element, you should have an unordered list of two items containing links to different sections of the page. The first item should have the text `Upcoming Events`, and the second item should have the text `Past Events`.
1. Each link should be represented by an `a` element with an `href` attribute that links to the corresponding section of the page, `#upcoming` and `#past` respectively.
1. You should have a `main` element that contains the different sections of the page.

> 1. Inside the `main` element, you should have atleast two `section` elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Inside the `main` element, you should have at least two `section` elements.
```
